DOC-3329: Premium Plugins Installation and Bundling Documentation for NPM (#3928)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/integrations/angular-quick-start.adoc

  ]
})
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> When using `+TINYMCE_SCRIPT_SRC+` to lazy load TinyMCE, you cannot import premium plugins directly. Premium plugins must be bundled with your application. For instructions on bundling TinyMCE with premium plugins, see: xref:angular-pm-bundle.adoc[Bundling with Angular].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `+TINYMCE_SCRIPT_SRC+` to lazy load TinyMCE, you can not import premium plugins directly. This will trigger a `tinymce not defined` error in your application because the plugins need to access `tinymce` global variable which doesn't exist at that time.
```
